\input texinfo

@c %**start of header
@setfilename racon.info

@include version.texi
@settitle Racon @value{VERSION}
@documentencoding UTF-8
@c %**end of header

@copying
This manual documents the Racon (version @value{VERSION}, @value{UPDATED}),
a radix conversion system that can convert between standard and non-standard
positional bases, with both fractional and integer parts.

Copyright @copyright{} 2020 Matheus Fernandes Bigolin.

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover
Texts, @pxref{GNU Free Documentation License}.
@end quotation
@end copying

@dircategory Racon radix converter
@direntry
* Racon: (Racon). Radix converter.
@end direntry

@titlepage
@title @code{Racon}
@subtitle Numeric Radix Conversion System
@subtitle for Racon version @value{VERSION}, @value{UPDATED}
@author Matheus F. Bigolin

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top Racon

@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@menu
BRIEF NODE LISTING

* Copying Conditions::              Short license disclaimer
* Introduction::                    Overview of Racon

Appendices
* GNU Free Documentation License::  Copying and sharing this manual
* Concept Index::                   General indexation for concepts


@detailmenu
DETAILED NODE LISTING

Introduction

@end detailmenu
@end menu

@node Copying Conditions
@unnumbered Racon Copying Conditions

@cindex Copying conditions
@cindex License disclaimer

Racon is @dfn{free software} (@dfn{libre}); this means that the user has the
freedom to use, modify and redistribute this program.  To protect these
freedoms the software is copyrighted under the terms of the GNU General Public
License version 3, or any later version published by the Free Software
Foundation.

Everyone that owns a copy possesses the rights to access the source code, give
away copies, change the program, incorporate it into new @dfn{libre} programs
and the awareness of these freedoms.

There are restrictions relative to the distribution of this package, designed
to forbid the deprivation of these rights.  Once you distribute this software,
you must pass the recipients all the rights that you have received.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
-
The precise terms of the license are found in a copy accompanying the package
(in the file @command{COPYING}).  If it is not present, it is available at
@uref{https://www.gnu.org/licenses/}.  This manual is covered by the GNU Free
Documentation License (@pxref{GNU Free Documentation License}).

@node Introduction
@chapter Introduction

@cindex Introduction
@cindex Overview

Tf.

@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License

@include fdl.texi

@node Concept Index
@unnumbered Index

@printindex cp

@bye
